These schema definitions have a handful of required fields.
The first field that's required, is the name field.
The name field identifies the name of the schema.
For example, if you were to finding a stock price change schema,
you might name it something like stock.price change.
In this example, we've used user.
You can also optionally specify a name-space such as common.udacity for your record.
This isn't required but it can be a good thing to do if you can.
Next, all schemas must have a defined type.
In this case, we've defined a record.
The top-most entry in our JSON,
Avro is always of type record.
A record is a collection of fields that may or may not have values.
Let's make this a little bit less abstract.
Returning to the example of our user,
the user record might have a few fields on it such as the ID,
first and last name, e-mail, and phone.
These fields would belong to the user record.
We will add each of these attributes to our records array of fields.
As you can see an example on the slide,
we have an array of fields,
we have an id of type int,
a first and last name of type string,
and an e-mail, and phone number of type string as well.
So this defines the expected structure of the user data.
Ever also supports the notion of optional fields.
Optional fields may or may not be present in the output data.
Let's say we made the phone number optional.
The phone number may sometimes be empty.
To capture that, we describe the type of the phone field as either no or a string.
So as you can see here this says,
that the phone type is optional.
We have an array, a union type,
is what this is specifically referred to as either
null where there's no phone number or string when there is a phone number.
The fields we just discussed,
are known as primitive types.
A primitive type is similar to
the primitive types you would have in a programming language.
For example, int string,
boolean float, and so on.
You can see we're using int string extensively as well as null.
A record is what's referred to as a complex type in Avro.
Complex types include data structures like arrays, maps, and enumerations.
These complex types may contain other types.
For example, you may have an array full of
numbers but you may also fill it with records or maps.
Additionally, records can contain other records.
Or complex types may seem confusing at first,
they're required for average to be able to fully express
the types of data models that applications tend to use.
Many of which, involve nesting, arrays, and maps.
We'll see more about primitive and complex types shortly.